by the way guys what do you like do you
guys like menu look I shaved someone
stood out looking much like I'm 20
okay it has to be too how do you feel
about it do you feel 20
I never feel 20 I feel like 2012 by the
I bet on everybody so I'm definitely
gonna win that's how I was random all I
do is we got the back three to my god
I didn't even know it see this one's
non-contact come on
well I thought it was a more hard one
sorry sorry
learn enough if you ask me danger says
the harder the better oh my god
I'm as I'm as losing as he can be right
now really because I missed the first
the first job went off to the oh my
buddy Bob I'm doing pretty good which is
not the norm I don't think that's gonna
become a regular thing yeah come on come
on oh I'm sure you're good draw so I'm
sure you're good enough credit hopefully
hopefully this doesn't make me page too
hard
Oh totally it's gonna be and your
beverage because I want to see that you
just made the promise I hope you can
keep it it doesn't always happen but man
what happened
oh my god Becky look at that but wait a
second how am I in second place nobody
oh my car let's go let's come it's good
oh that's almost beautiful my perfect
run is over all right you do all buddy
oh my god I screwed it up twice in a row
Oh No
all right I mean third W in second
dangers in first damn it first because I
crashed twice in a row well it's all
over for me
it's the end of me why what happened no
no just I you know I really needed this
to be a win and it's dangerous got this
now you know it buddy
it was in last place and thought he had
no chance in the world and then he
pulled it out in the end and and he made
it and now that guy's in the first place
beating the shit out of you so
I'm gonna win this don't worry let's go
let's go I'm doing so bad because I'm
trying to read everything I thought that
was gonna be the end that I'm not done
yet
this is a long race buddy oh there it is
stay on it
come on I did yet start with this map I
love max trucks everywhere all the maps
but I swear I got this one random this
one is just really just always guess me
there's a lot of stop and go he's just
no I don't know if just to stop and go
it's what it's just sometimes it feels
like I jump perfect then you go off the
slide yeah that's what's happening to me
oh my god I love God I love it put you
under me it's non-contact but when you
spawned it like knocked me to the side
yes come on down damn it I don't know I
didn't have any other problems that you
guys are having your first time through
it must just be all that skill I have
skill right he's a skill man dude it's a
skill really he really said skill that's
what he said
and when you finish and well I'm done
I'm still working on a sec aid so just
all right it pushes my outside
oh my god oh my god oh my god Linda yeah
I mean third okay I'm gonna fish this
with some finish with seniors making
himself the villain of this stream every
single time you know what I'm gonna
finish that drift I did that twice
perfectly or the water be some power
power power here we go let's go there
you go dude I didn't have as much speed
though but any the best laughs that's
how good I did the first time and I
still fit that it wait if you had the
best lap and then how bad did you do the
second time terribly danger card you
dude that one race took us 18 minutes oh
my god like you can't really tell that
might be a girl oh my I'm so beautiful
so point spongy keel ended it's super
high jump oh man this is gonna be good
not cheating people I'm gonna go with my
adder since it's a straight line all
right you guys ready gonna go 3-1 like
spike don't forget to miss the two to
one
I forgot to go away
jeez man I see it Oh Oh got him just got
ran from behind and somebody used up all
with the boots I know you're talking
about damn it no oh no no no please no
okay you got me well the advice for all
Russ from first to last just like no no
no no ii ii ii no race hey that one made
up for the last one being so much longer
I love that one now is a fun one
oh let me see how my trick oh yeah take
this take this that's not the winners
dance oh no stop it